update docs for async insert deduplication (#45473)
ClickHouse/ClickHouse: docs/en/operations/settings/merge-tree-settings.md

The time is relative to the time of the most recent record, not to the wall time. If it's the only record it will be stored forever.

## replicated_deduplication_window_for_async_inserts {#replicated-deduplication-window-for-async-inserts}

The number of most recently async inserted blocks for which ClickHouse Keeper stores hash sums to check for duplicates.

Possible values:

-   Any positive integer.
-   0 (disable deduplication for async_inserts)

Default value: 10000.

> The [Async Insert](./settings.md#async-insert) command will be cached in one or more blocks (parts). For [insert deduplication](../../engines/table-engines/mergetree-family/replication.md), when writing into replicated tables, ClickHouse writes the hash sums of each inserts into ClickHouse Keeper. Hash sums are stored only for the most recent `replicated_deduplication_window_for_async_inserts` blocks. The oldest hash sums are removed from ClickHouse Keeper.

Reviewer: reading further, I am not sure if my suggestion is correct.  Is there a hash sum for each insert, or each block of inserts?  If each insert, then just reject this suggestion and change `inserts` to `insert` singular.

> The [Async Insert](./settings.md#async-insert) command will be cached in one or more blocks (parts). For [insert deduplication](../../engines/table-engines/mergetree-family/replication.md), when writing into replicated tables, ClickHouse writes the hash sums of each inserts into ClickHouse Keeper. Hash sums are stored only for the most recent `replicated_deduplication_window_for_async_inserts` blocks. The oldest hash sums are removed from ClickHouse Keeper.

Author: it's each insert, sorry for bad gramma

> The [Async Insert](./settings.md#async-insert) command will be cached in one or more blocks (parts). For [insert deduplication](../../engines/table-engines/mergetree-family/replication.md), when writing into replicated tables, ClickHouse writes the hash sums of each inserts into ClickHouse Keeper. Hash sums are stored only for the most recent `replicated_deduplication_window_for_async_inserts` blocks. The oldest hash sums are removed from ClickHouse Keeper.

Reviewer: Don't apologize for grammar until I start apologizing for my bad C++ :)

The time is relative to the time of the most recent record, not to the wall time. If it's the only record it will be stored forever.

## use_async_block_ids_cache {#use-async-block-ids-cache}

If true, we cache the hash sums of the async inserts.

Possible values:

- true, false

Default value: false.

A block bearing multiple async inserts will generate multiple hash sums. When some of the inserts are duplicated, keeper will only return one duplicated hash sum in one RPC, which will cause unnecessary RPC retries. This cache will watch the hash sums path in keeper. If updates are watched in the keeper, the cache will update as soon as possible, so that we are able to filter the duplicated inserts in the memory.

## async_block_ids_cache_min_update_interval_ms

The minimum interval (in milliseconds) to update the `use_async_block_ids_cache`

Possible values:

-   Any positive integer.

Default value: 100.

> Normally, the `use_async_block_ids_cache` updates as soon as there're updates in the watching keeper path. However, the cache updates might be too frequent and become a heavy burden. This minimun interval prevent the cache from updating too fast. Note that if we set this value too long, the block with duplicated inserts will have a longer retry time. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Normally, the `use_async_block_ids_cache` updates as soon as there are updates in the watching keeper path. However, the cache updates might be too frequent and become a heavy burden. This minimum interval prevents the cache from updating too fast. Note that if we set this value too long, the block with duplicated inserts will have a longer retry time. 
```
